Many people live their entire lives without ever being affected by a natural disaster.
It can be easy to forget that your life can literally change overnight.
Recently in California, our brothers and sisters in numerous areas have had to flee for their lives
because of firestorms coming in right behind them.
Literally, for some, it was within minutes racing for their lives, either in their car, some on foot
with flames, towering flames, intense heat right behind them.
I've never seen anything like it.
When I left the house, the roar of the fire coming over the hill was unbelievable.
One of our close friends stepped out onto his balcony and noticed a glow on the hillside
and he gave my wife a call and said, did you know that there's a fire?
After the fire of dear Fran said, don't worry about anything.
We're going to give you all that you need and I broke down in tears just knowing what was about to happen.
Because we had to have us our shepherd and he will give us everything we need
and we have seen that those words come so true because our brothers and sisters have cared for us so beautifully
beyond anything we ever expected.
I'm a builder myself and I just feel like I just want to get in there and do something.
But the France needs spirituality and so if we help them with that, they'll get through the rest of it.
Well, the United States branch office is very concerned for our brothers and sisters spiritually
and making sure that they can get back to their worship to Jehovah God.
So today we're here to encourage them to really to acknowledge what they've gone through
and make sure that they're getting their spiritual attention they need and the encouragement
that really the organization and their brothers want to give them.
Just like a literal shepherd would want to care for the needs of their sheep, especially in injured one,
we want to do the same thing for the members of our congregation, but we take it a step further.
We want to care for them emotionally, spiritually and physically.
Jehovah has made us people that care for one another.
And generally speaking, the comfort he provides and the things we need are almost always delivered by people.
And it's the congregation that we can have that kind of comfort and support given to us that's going to help us recover.
Working in disaster relief efforts, you really begin to see just how much Jehovah cares for the human race, how much he cares for people.
You'll see people that will drop anything to come and rally to the aid of brothers and sisters of Jehovah's Witnesses.
But they'll rally to the aid to someone next door too, and that's a manifestation of way Jehovah feels about people.
Being prepared for a natural disaster, ourselves and our families, is not just a matter of personal safety.
This gets to the core of our spirituality.
How much do we truly value life? How much do we truly value what Jehovah has given us?
In disaster, you hear people say, I've lost everything. Not among Jehovah's people. We never lose everything.
We may lose material possessions, we may even lose loved ones. But when we have Jehovah, we never lose everything.